wearable and still wearable
wearables from archos as many as four
different devices
3 smartwatch is a tracker active for
the 2014 range and bad devices e
French we lost several from 49
euro for the first smartwatch landing 59
euro for the active tracker 99 euros for it
smartwatch with studen colors and 149
euro fold the smartwatch with display
curved inc we start from the first model is
a
the 49 euro clock then connects
to your android device that
allows to have notifications e
information on the main activities
of your apple device so it is not
lateral interlocking touchscreen
switch off to move in the part
corruption corruption bra back
very light simple but for 49 euros
hard to tell whose
the other smartwatch is instead 99 euros the
its price
well in color in color with the possibility
to have in applications in their own
inside the device display
full touchscreen access to
notifications and the integrated android system
then the android operating system
obviously customized by the manufacturer
as you can see, very simple, very nice
Now I do not go out here to go back
here it is possible to meet the
music and timer alarms go to
using the camera and oar was more there
will be other features but to
moment they are not present because this
is a device worth products
with reader 60 to charge a battery
fairly thin and light strap
it is not very thin however it is anyway
light 99 euros
perhaps the most particular product more
obviously this is interesting
smartwatch with curved display if you did
at the end, here is the strap
fits perfectly into ours
wrist because the molding follows
so it's comfortable and easy to
read the ease even banks
from the display and ink which then one
technology that allows you to have one
low readability but in all
excellent autonomy conditions
superior of the relative to all smart
watch seen so far
well this is a prototype but archos is
also working to use it
screen via touch and then render
touch screen the screen in this case
the screen but not the thatcher serve
two side buttons to move
within the various settings
create with the active because it opens to
the usb connector directly on the
outside of the display display that is
light blue and black monochrome I answer 59
EUR
basically it's yours
sport activity with the application
Android
sorry but I'm really sick
we said pedometer information
possible notifications and care
very very important lightness and in
convention on the two black one straps
and one purple have dark on the formula
only one given three bullfighters hdblog from
mycological